LEAVE AND LICENSE AGREEMENT



THIS DEED OF LEAVE AND LICENSE entered into at Kolkata this 12th day of June, of Two Thousand and Nineteen of Christian Era.

BETWEEN

MR. CHANDAN KUMAR DHAR son of Late Shyam Lal Dhar, aged 71 years, by faith – Hindu, by profession – Business, by Nationality– Indian at present residing at Plot No. DL – 218, Sector– II, Salt Lake City, Kolkata –700 091 under P.S.: Bidhannagar (East), West Bengal, hereinafter referred to as Party of the FIRST PART / LICENSOR (which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors, legal heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and assigns whomsoever). 

AND

M/S. RUEDA MICE PRIVATE LIMITED, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having CIN No. U74999WB2017PTC221420, having two Directors namely Ms. Tania Alam Sarkar (DIN No. 0007826423) and Ms. Sujata Adhikari (DIN No. 0007826371) and its registered office at Star Dream Apartment, 463, Dum Dum Park, 4th Floor, Flat No. 4B, Kolkata – 700 055, represented by its authorised signatory Ms. Tania Alam Sarkar, Director (which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its successors, legal heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and assigns whomsoever) hereinafter referred to and called Party of the SECOND PART / LICENSEE. 

Contd……..Page (2)





















Page : ( 2 )



WHEREAS the Party of the First Part / Licensor is the sole owner and absolutely seized and possessed of ALL THAT Ground Floor, accommodation measuring about 1500 sq. ft., a little more or less in the Premises No. 218 in Block: DL in Sector – II of Bidhannagar, under P.S.: Bidhannagar (East) Kolkata – 700 091 in the District of: North 24-Parganas, together with entry through Front Gate (hereinafter called as the ‘Scheduled Property’ and/or ‘said accommodation’ for the sake of brevity and which is described in detail in the Schedule below).

WHEREAS the Party of the Second Part / Licensee is engaged in Business and now in urgent need of an accommodation for running its office only have come to know that the Licensor can provide such an accommodation to them.

AND WHEREAS the LICENSEE have taken an inspection of the accommodation more fully and particularly described in the Schedule herein below and the LICENSEE is fully satisfied with the spaces available in the Scheduled Property has approached and earnestly requested the LICENSOR and made a proposal to provide them such accommodation and grant them Leave and License to the LICENSEE as a temporary permissive user to use and occupy the said accommodation at the Ground floor of the said premises as described in the schedule for a period of Eleven (11) English Calendar Months commencing from 12th June, 2019 and will be terminated on 11th May, 2020 at a license fee of Rs. 22,550/- (Rupees Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Fifty) only per month, on clear understanding that within the said period of time, the licensee in question in absence of fresh agreement make his own accommodation arrangement elsewhere and vacate the said accommodation of the said premises.

AND WHEREAS, considering the said request, LICENSOR agreed to grant to the LICENSEE permissive user of the said accommodation of the said premises subject to terms and conditions as mutually agreed upon and as stated hereinafter.

AND WHEREAS, it has been accepted and agreed by the said LICENSEE that they themselves remains a LICENSEE temporarily for a period of Eleven (11) English Calendar Months as mentioned above with permissive user of the said Accommodation of the said premises as specified hereinafter.

The current premises licensing agreement is agreed upon payment terms of Rs. 22,550/- (Rupees Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Fifty) only for License fee per month excluding the electricity charges subject to applicable TDS and one time interest free refundable Security Deposit of Rs. 44,000/- (Rupees Forty-four Thousand only) and Licensor agreed to allow the Licensee to use and occupy the said accommodation at the Ground floor of the building on the said premises particularly mentioned in the Schedule below on temporary basis purely as a Licensee for a period of 11 (Eleven) months and exclusive possession thereof is not being agreed to be transferred.

On the further undertaking by the Licensee to deliver peaceful and vacant possession of the said accommodation on the said premises in a good condition as it were at the time







Page : ( 3 )



of granting the license on the expiration of the term hereby granted or on sooner determination thereof by the Licensor in the event of non-compliance of any of the terms and conditions whereby created on the part of the licensee or licensor to be performed and observed.

AND WHEREAS the LICENSEE has paid an amount of Rs. 44,000/- (Rupees Forty-four Thousand) only as an interest free refundable Security Deposit to the LICENSOR which LICENSOR hereby acknowledges and the said Security Deposit will be refunded to the LICENSEE on vacating the said Accommodation subject to any claim for damages, arrears of License fee and electric charges.

NOW THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH that the Licensor mutually agreed upon and settled by and between the LICENSOR and the LICENSEE to grant Leave and Licence to the Licensee to use and occupy the Ground Floor of the building on the said premises particularly mentioned in the Schedule below purely on temporary basis and without any right of possession as a Licensee for a period of 11 (Eleven) months from the date mentioned hereof of this agreement on the terms, conditions and stipulations mentioned below:

		That, considering the request of the Licensee, the Licensor agreed to grant temporary permissive user of the Ground Floor, accommodation measuring about 1500 sq. ft., a little more or less in the Premises No. 218 in Block: DL in Sector – II of Bidhannagar, under P.S.: Bidhannagar (East) Kolkata – 700 091 in the District of: North 24-Parganas, together with entry through Front Gate to the LICENSEE subject to rights and privileges of the LICENSOR for a period of 11 (Eleven) months only commencing on and from 12th June, 2019 and shall continue up to 11th May, 2020.

		That, it has been agreed by and between the Parties that, the LICENSEE shall on expiry of the said period of 11 (Eleven) months on 11th May, 2020 delivery vacant possession of the same accommodation of the said premises in question to the LICENSOR after removing all their belongings;  

		That, during the said period of License, the LICENSEE shall pay on its own to the LICENSOR a sum of Rs. 22,550/- (Rupees Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Fifty) only per month as License Fee subject to deduction of TDS as it may be applicable from time to time (which at present applicable @ 10%) whereby net amount of License Fee payable is Rs. 20,295/- (Rupees Twenty Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-five) only per month excluding the electricity charges at actual in advance within 7th (seventh) day of the English Calender month during the period of License without fail for which the same shall become due and will pay the one time Interest Free Refundable Security Deposit of Rs. 44,000/- (Rupees Forty-four Thousand only) on or before the date of signing this agreement.









Page : ( 4 )



		That, the Licensee will use the said Accommodation of the building on the said premises for running its office as needed by the Licensee.

		That, the Licensee shall keep the said premises in good condition as they have received from the LICENSOR and shall not cause any damage to the said premises and in case any damages are caused the same will be repairable by its own costs. This will be the responsibility of the LICENSEE to keep the said Accommodation wind and water tight and keep the electric mains, water mains and sanitary mains in good and proper workable condition so that continuous supply of water is ensured.

		That, the LICENSEE as agreed upon to pay to the LICENSOR appropriate amount of damage compensation due to their negligence in use and in the event of any loss/misuse/damage/decay and/ mischief caused to the electrical and sanitary fittings and fixtures provided by the LICENSOR for the licensed out the said Accommodation. Normal wear and tear and acts of God exempted.

		That, the licensor shall be responsible for maintaining the uninterrupted water supply to the premises for 24 hours a day and seven days a week subject to availability of the same from the local Municipal authority. But its lavish use/wastage/uneconomic consumption should invariably be prevented and strictly economic use of water particularly during summer and/or lean period as this is one of the most vital issues;

		That, the LICENSEE shall not accommodate any outsider in the said premises other than its, guests, visitors and other family relatives.

		That, the LICENSEE shall have no right to sublet, accommodate any paying guest, transfer, assign and/or create interest in the said licensed Accommodation or any part thereof nor shall be entitled to any tenancy right whatsoever under the provisions of the West Bengal Premises Tenancy Act, 1956 or under any other provisions of Law or engage the said accommodation to be used by anyone else other than the LICENSEE.

		That, the LICENSEE shall not cause any nuisance, annoyance and shall not commit anything, in the said premises which may become an object of disturbance and affect the neighbours.

		That, the LICENSEE shall not store any inflammable, hazardous, noxious and/or contraband materials in the said premises as a precautionary measure and in case such materials are stored the Licensor shall not be responsible for the same. The Licensee shall be liable for storage of such material.

		That, the Licensee shall not make or undertake of its own any construction, addition, alteration and/or modification work in and outside the said Licensed-out Premises without the written permission/consent of the LICENSOR. The mischief of indiscriminate nailing/pegging in any part of the floor as also ugly defacement 







Page : ( 5 )



therein in any manner shall be looked upon with displeasure as an act of gross indiscipline;

		That, all day-to-day maintenance, routine repairs, such as changing fuses, repair of water taps, replacements of the existing sanitary and electrical fittings in the said accommodation as also their  periodical servicing shall be done  by the LICENSEE / occupants  at its own cost and expenses whereas major repairs, if any would be carried out by the Licensor;

		That, no garbage, vegetable and fruit skins, house hold waste and other odds and ends are dumped or spread over outside the said accommodation which apart from causing health hazard may impeded and/or interfere with movements of other members of the residents.  All domestic refuses to be made over to the civic scavenger daily; 

		That, the Licensee shall not use or permit to use the said premises for any immoral or illegal purposes nor shall the LICENSEE encumber the Schedule Property in any manner whatsoever.

		That, the Licensee will allow the Owner/LICENSOR and/or his authorised representative’s ingress and egress at all reasonable time to inspect the condition of the said Accommodation and to carry out internal repairing works if necessary on any day upon prior intimation to the Licensee and the Licensee shall be bound to assist the Licensor for such purpose.

		That, the LICENSEE would not pay any charges for any rates, taxes or levies etc. payable to the concerned authorities. However, the occupants shall pay electricity charges, telephone bills etc. separately from his own fund as per actual consumption and service taken by him.  

		That, default in payment of License Fees for a month will result in automatic termination/revocation of this agreement and in that event the LICENSEE shall make him liable to vacate the said licensed Accommodation.

		If for any reason both parties agree to continue this premises licensing agreement prior to termination of the agreement they should inform each other 30 days prior to the termination date and extend the terms based on the good faith and mutual understanding. Such agreement shall be considered as a separate document.

		That, in case of persistent and/or deliberate breach and contravention of the foregone terms and conditions the instant Licence may be cancelled/terminate which are to be observed and performed by both parties. The LICENSOR shall reserve the right to take possession of the said Accommodation in question and the LICENSEE shall have no right or authority to claim any damage or compensation from the LICENSOR for such termination and/or forfeiture / revocation;



Page : ( 6 )



		That, the next morning (A.M.) of May 11th, 2020 following expiry / termination / revocation of this license, LICENSEE shall forthwith vacate and surrender to the LICENSOR the said Accommodation and give him peaceful ‘Khas’ possession thereof in the same condition in which it was licensed-out subject to changes due to natural wear and tear.

		That, the interest free refundable Security Deposit will be refunded to the LICENSEE by the LICENSOR on vacating the said Accommodation subject to any claim for damages, arrears of License fee and electric charges;

		That, the either party would be entitled to terminate the LEAVE and LICENSE by serving one month’s advance notice in writing on either side.

		That, in case the Bidhannagar Municipality or Urban Development Department raises any objection with regard to this License agreement and in such case the LICENSEE shall be bound to hand over the vacant possession of the said accommodation within one month’s written notice.

		That, the LICENSOR will reserve the right of increase in the License Fee at an agreed term with the LICENSEE in the event of fresh LEAVE and LICENCE Agreement on conclusion of Eleven month term.

		 In case of breach of terms and following cancellation of the License, a notice for cancellation of the License shall have to be delivered to both parties by the Licensor or Licensee. The defending party will be allowed 10 (ten) business days to response such reason of breach of contract. If the cause of breach is not remediate within mutually agreed time schedule then the breaching party will be responsible to defend itself according to the local, state and central government’s rule and all the litigation jurisdiction will be Kolkata Metropolitan only. 

IN WITNESSTH WHEREOF the parties hereto have set their respective hands and seals on the day, month and year first above written and in the presence of:

SIGNED AND DELIVERED by MR. CHANDAN KUMAR DHAR, the

party of the FIRST PART / LICENSOR at Kolkata in the presence of:–



		Signature:

		Name: 

		S/o: 

		Address: 

	

		Occupation:				                       					

									                 CHANDAN KUMAR DHAR

      Party of the FIRST PART / LICENSOR

SIGNED AND DELIVERED by M/S. RUEDA MICE PVT. LTD.

the party of the SECOND PART / LICENSEE at Kolkata in the

presence of:–   

		

		Signature: 

		Name: 					            M/S. RUEDA MICE PRIVATE LIMITED

		S/o: 

		Address: 

	

		Occupation:				      							

	                      					                     Authorised Representative

								         Party of the SECOND PART / LICENSEE









Page : ( 7 )





Schedule above referred to:-



ALL THAT Ground Floor, accommodation measuring about 1500 sq. ft., a little more or less in the Premises No. 218 in Block: DL in Sector – II of Bidhannagar, under P.S.: Bidhannagar (East) Kolkata – 700 091 in the District of: North 24-Parganas, together with entry through Front Gate consisting of 3 Bed Rooms, 1 Drawing & Dining Room, 1 Kitchen, 2 Bath rooms, and 2 verandah, which is butted and bounded along with electrical and sanitary fittings 





Witness:– 

		

		Signature:

		Name: 

		S/o: 

		Address: 

	

		Occupation:				                       					

									          CHANDAN KUMAR DHAR

     Party of the FIRST PART / LICENSOR





Witness:–    

		

		Signature:

		Name: 					           M/S. RUEDA MICE PRIVATE LIMITED

		S/o : 

		Address: 

				

	

		Occupation:					   					

	                      					                         Authorised Representative

            Party of the SECOND PART / LICENSEE

Page 2 of 7
