~ 1 ~





































			











TENANCY AGREEMENT





THIS AGREEMENT made at Kolkata on this 1st day of September, Two Thousand Eighteen.



BETWEEN

Saptorshe Das, son of Kishore Das ,having Aadhaar Card No. 3473 9297 4797 aged about 40 years by faith Hindu, by occupation Business, presently residing at 7, A P C Road, Krishnapur-Mondal Para, Near Sishu Sangha Club, Rajarhat Gopalpur (Municipality), Kolkata – 700 102 under Police Station: Baguiati in the District of 24-Parganas (North), hereinafter referred to as the LANDLORD (which expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or context be deemed to mean and include his heirs, administrators, executors, legal representatives and assigns) of the ONE PART :

A N D

SRI RAM CHANDRA NASKAR, son of Sri Swapan Naskar, having Aadhaar Card No. 4797 2876 4035 aged about 26 years, by faith Hindu, by occupation Self-employed presently residing at DL-9/3, Sector-II, Salt Lake City, Kolkata-700 091 under Police Station Bidhannagar (East), hereinafter referred to as the TENANT (which expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or context be deemed to mean and include their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns) of the OTHER PART :











WHEREAS the LANDLORD is absolutely seized and possessed of or otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the entire building situated at 7, A P C Road, Krishnapur-Mondal, Near Sishu Sangha Club, Rajarhat Gopalpur (Municipality), Kolkata – 700 102 in the District of 24-Parganas (North). 

AND WHEREAS the TENANT herein approached the LANDLORD for inducting him as TENANT in the Ground Floor of the building for a Two Bed Rooms accommodation, fully described in the Schedule hereunder written for his residential purpose with his wife Smt. SUTRISHNA NASKAR having Aadhaar Card No. 6024 7839 2441. 

AND WHEREAS in order to avoid any future disputes and /or differences amongst the parties, the parties have agreed to put the terms and conditions of the said agreement into writing.

NOW THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH: 

	That, the TENANT has agreed to take on rent and the LANDLORD has agreed to give Two Bed Rooms accommodation at the Ground Floor of the building located at 7, A P C Road, Krishnapur-Mondal Para, Near Sishu Sangha Club, Rajarhat Gopalpur (Municipality), Kolkata – 700 102 in the District of 24 Parganas (North) on a Monthly Rent with effect from 1st day of September, Two Thousand Eighteen for a period of at least next three years on a monthly rent of Rs. 2,500/- (Rupees Two Thousand Five Hundred) only payable every month and will pay the one time Interest Free Refundable Security Deposit of Rs. 7,500/- (Rupees Seven Thousand Five Hundred) only on or before the date of signing this agreement.

	That, the TENANT must pay the monthly rent in advance within 7th (seventh) day of the English Calender month during the period of Tenancy without fail for which the same shall become due.

	That, the TENANT has paid an amount of Rs. 7,500/- (Rupees Seven Thousand Five Hundred) only as an interest free refundable Security Deposit to the LANDLORD which LANDLORD hereby acknowledges and the said Security Deposit will be refunded to the TENANT on vacating the said Accommodation subject to any claim for damages, arrears of Rental fee(s) and electric charges.

	That, default in payment of Rental Fee dues for a month will result in automatic termination/revocation of this agreement and in that event the TENANT shall make him liable to vacate the said rented Accommodation.

	That, the TENANT shall be entitled to use the said two bed rooms accommodation at the Ground Floor of the building and keep the same in good condition and shall, on the termination of this agreement, handover possession of the said accommodation of the Ground Floor in good condition to the LANDLORD.

	That, the TENANT shall keep the said premises in good condition as they have received from the LANDLORD and shall not cause any damage to the said premises and in case any damages are caused the same will be repairable by its own costs. This will be the responsibility of the TENANT to keep the said Accommodation wind and water tight and keep the electric mains, water mains and sanitary mains in good and proper workable condition so that continuous supply of water is ensured.

			That, all day-to-day maintenance, routine repairs, such as changing fuses, repair of water taps, replacements of the existing sanitary and electrical fittings in the said accommodation as also their  periodical servicing shall be done by the TENANT / occupants  at its own cost and expenses whereas major repairs, if any would be carried out by the LANDLORD;

	That, the TENANT shall maintain and make minor repair and keep the said accommodation in good condition and will make good of any damage or it caused due to of such use.

	That, the TENANT shall make no addition, extension and alteration in the said residential accommodation, but in case of any damage to the same the TENANT shall bear the expenses for repairing, white-washing etc.

	That, the TENANT as agreed upon to pay to the LANDLORD appropriate amount of damage compensation due to their negligence in use and in the event of any loss/misuse/damage/decay and/or mischief caused to the electrical and sanitary fittings and fixtures provided by the LANDLORD for the licensed out the said Accommodation. Normal wear and tear and acts of God exempted.

	That, the LANDLORD has no objection if the said TENANT desire to take telephone, electricity, gas connection directly from the authorities concern.

	That, the TENANT shall pay for the electricity consumed direct to the concerned authority as per meter earmarked for the said premises and the receipt of which be forwarded to the LANDLORD for his record.

	That, the TENANT shall not accommodate any outsider in the said premises other than its, guests, visitors and other family relatives.

	That, the TENANT shall not carry or allow being carried any unlawful and illegal activities which may considered offensive.

	That, the TENANT shall not store any inflammable, hazardous, noxious and/or contraband materials in the said premises as a precautionary measure and in case such materials are stored the LANDLORD shall not be responsible for the same. The TENANT shall be liable for storage of such material.

	That, no garbage, vegetable and fruit skins, house hold waste and other odds and ends are dumped or spread over outside the said accommodation which apart from causing health hazard may impeded and/or interfere with movements of other members of the residents. All domestic refuses to be made over to the civic scavenger daily;

	That, the TENANT shall not make or undertake of its own any construction, addition, alteration and/or modification work in and outside the said rented Premises without the written permission/consent of the LANDLORD. The mischief of indiscriminate nailing/pegging in any part of the floor as also ugly defacement therein in any manner shall be looked upon with displeasure as an act of gross indiscipline;

	That, the TENANT shall give three (3) months notice for termination of this agreement to the LANDLORD, or in the alternative hold them liable to pay a compensation of the amount equal to three months rent to the LANDLORD.

	That, the TENANT will allow the Owner/LANDLORD and/or his authorised representative’s ingress and egress at all reasonable time to inspect the condition of the said Accommodation and to carry out internal repairing works if necessary on any day upon prior intimation to the TENANT and the TENANT shall be bound to assist the LANDLORD for such purpose.  

	If for any reason both parties agree to continue this premises licensing agreement prior to termination of the agreement they should inform each other 30 days prior to the termination date and extend the terms based on the good faith and mutual understanding. Such agreement shall be considered as a separate document.

		That, the next morning (A.M.) of September 30th, 2022 following expiry / termination / revocation of this Tenancy Agreement, TENANT shall forthwith vacate and surrender to the LANDLORD the said Accommodation and give him peaceful ‘Khas’ possession thereof in the same condition in which it was licensed-out subject to changes due to natural wear and tear.





THE SCHEDULE OF THE PROPERTY ABOVE REFERRED TO



ALL THAT Two Bed Rooms Accommodation with Common Bathroom in the Ground Floor of the building, situated and lying at 7, A P C Road, Krishnapur-Mondal Para, Near Sishu Sangha Club, Rajarhat Gopalpur (Municipality), Kolkata – 700 102 in the District of 24-Parganas (North), Police Station Baguiati.





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties aforesaid have set their hands on this agreement in token of their acceptance of the terms and conditions herein contained.



SIGNED AND DELIVERED by UTTAM SARKAR, the party

of the FIRST PART / LANDLORD at Kolkata in the presence of:– 



		Signature:

		Name: 

		S/o: 

		Address: 

	

		Occupation:				                  						

									                           UTTAM SARKAR

    Party of the FIRST PART / LANDLORD









SIGNED AND DELIVERED by RAM CHANDRA NASKAR

the party of the SECOND PART / TENANT at Kolkata in

the presence of:–   

		

		Signature:

		Name: 

		S/o: 

		Address: 

	

		Occupation:					   					

					           				           RAM CHANDRA NASKAR

 						             Party of the SECOND PART / TENANT



Page 1 of 5
